# ruODK 0.6.2
* Simplifiy `ru_setup()` to use OData Service URL.
* Change all functions to default to `get_default{pid,fid,url,un,pw}()`, partly
  moving project ID (pid) and form ID (fid) to kwargs. This changes all examples,
  tests, vignettes, READMEs.
* Add a high level overview diagram to README and `inst/joss/paper.md` to
  illustrate `ruODK`'s intended purpose in the ODK ecosystem. #19
* Reduce installed package size by sharing attachment files. Add new parameter
  `separate=FALSE` to `attachment_get` to prevent separating attachment files 
  into subfolders named after their submission `uuid`. #22

# ruODK 0.6.1
* ROpenSci submission review [milestone](https://github.com/dbca-wa/ruODK/milestone/3),
  [discussion](https://github.com/ropensci/software-review/issues/335).
* Updates to documentation. #13 #15 #17
* Group function docs. #18
* Update contribution guidelines and add account request issue template:
  How to run `ruODK` tests and build the vignettes. #15 #20
* Add dedicated `ru_setup()` and `ru_settings()`. 
  Pat down functions for missing credentials and yell loudly but clearly about
  httr errors. #16
* Drop `@importFrom` to reduce duplication. All external functions are prefixed
  with their package name already.
* Add convenience helpers `attachment_link()` and `parse_datetime()`.
* Use `janitor::clean_names()` on column names over home-grown helpers.
* Since `submission_detail` is now metadata only, add `submission_get` to download
  submission data.

# ruODK 0.6.0
* Version bump and lifecycle bump to indicate that ruODK is ready to be used
  against ODK Central 0.6.

# ruODK 0.6.0.9000
* Version bump to match ODK Central's version.
* Updated to match ODK Central's API at 0.6 (RESTful and OData) (c.f.).
* Add commented out crosslinks to source code and related tests for convenience.
* Encryption endpoints (new in 0.6) are not yet supported.
* Audit logs supported, as they are a read-only export.

# ruODK 0.3.1
## Preparation for ROpenSci presubmission
* Check name with [`available::available("ruODK")`](https://devguide.ropensci.org/building.html#naming-your-package):
  * Name valid: ✔
  * Available on CRAN: ✔ 
  * Available on Bioconductor: ✔
  * Available on GitHub:  ✔ 
  * Rude misinterpretations: none
  * In summary: Package name seems to be OK. Well, ODK. OK, ruODK.
* Added metadata via 
  [`codemetar::write_codemeta("ruODK")`](https://devguide.ropensci.org/building.html#creating-metadata-for-your-package).
* [Cross-platform](https://devguide.ropensci.org/building.html#platforms): 
  Runs on GNU/Linux (TravisCI) and on Windows (AppVeyor)
* [Function naming](https://devguide.ropensci.org/building.html#function-and-argument-naming)
  follows `object_verb`. 
  * ruODK uses verb singulars (e.g. `submission_list` to 
  list multiple submissions), while ODK Central's API URLs use verb plurals.
  * ruODK uses `snake_case`.
  * Exception to `object_verb`: 
    Functions operating on the OData endpoints are named `odata_object_verb`.
    Helper functions not related to API endpoints are named `verb_object`. 
* [Code style](https://devguide.ropensci.org/building.html#code-style) done
  by `styler::style_package()`, see section "Release" in `README.md`.
* ruODK [has a `README.Rmd`](https://devguide.ropensci.org/building.html#readme) 
  and has a 
  [website generated by `pkgdown`](https://devguide.ropensci.org/building.html#website).
* ruODK has documentation 
  [generated by `roxygen2`](https://devguide.ropensci.org/building.html#documentation).
* [Test coverage](https://devguide.ropensci.org/building.html#testing) 100%, but
  could use more edge cases.
* Tests use a live ODK Central instance, which is kept up to date by ODK.
  This means that ruODK's test always run against the latest master of ODK Central.
  ruODK does not (but maybe should?) use `webmockr` and `vcr`.
* Spellchecks with `spelling::spell_check_package()`: added technical terms and
  function names to `inst/WORDLIST`.
* Added citation and section in `README`.
* Added `inst/joss/paper.md` for submission to JOSS.
* Added [examples](https://devguide.ropensci.org/building.html#examples) to 
  function docs.

## TODO
* Implement remaining missing functions ([ticket](https://github.com/dbca-wa/ruODK/issues/9)).

# ruODK 0.3.0
* Use tidyverse issue template
* Follow `goodpractice`
* Created vignette "Setup"
* Add AppVeyor
* Refactor storage path of attachments to not contain "uuid:" (for Windows compat)
* Started on REST API: `project_list`, `project_detail`, `form_list`, 
  `form_detail`. Naming scheme is `object_verb`. 
* For now, functions related to the OData endpoint
  are named `verb_object`, maybe we should rename them to `odata_object_verb`.
* Refactor URLs - build from project and form IDs
  
# ruODK 0.2.4
* Cleaned up logo, thanks to @issa-tseng for suggestions

# ruODK 0.2.3
* Added a new form, Flora Quadrat 0.3 to inst/extdata.

# ruODK 0.2.2
* Added more test coverage.

# ruODK 0.2.1
* Added various `usethis` goodies, test stubs, badges.

# ruODK 0.2.0
* Recursively unnests raw data into wide format. Manual post-processing is still
  required to rename (anonymous in ODK and auto-named through R) coordinates,
  and to handle attachments.

# ruODK 0.1.0
* Parses metadata, submissions, 
  and handles attachments (retaining already downloaded attachments).
* Includes example forms as both `.xml` and `.odbbuild` in `inst/extdata`.
* Includes example data as retrieved from ODK Central.
* Includes vignette demonstrating tidying of retrieved data.
* Handles repeating groups.

Roadmap:

* Handle paginated submissions.
* Retain already downloaded submissions.
